Update status serialization for Zipkin (was: Remove mention of gRPC status codes) (#1186)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk_exporters/zipkin.md

### Status

Span `Status` MUST be reported as a key-value pair in `tags` to Zipkin, unless it is `UNSET`.

> In the latter case it MUST NOT be reported.

Reviewer: I think we still want to report a non-empty message even if the code is UNSET. But someone knowledgeable about Zipkin should probably review.

Reviewer 2: No reason to do that, unnecessary bytes on the wire.

> |Code | `otel.status_code` | Name of the code, for example: `OK` |

Reviewer: I guess we want to adapt this to only set the tag for status != UNSET?

> |Code | `otel.status_code` | Name of the code, for example: `OK` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Code | `otel.status_code` | Name of the code, either `OK` or `UNSET`. MUST NOT be set if the code is `UNSET`. |
```
